(Soulburner)
Gore summoned KING T WREXTLE!
(Blue Maiden)
That means he now has
the strongest
monster on the field!
(Soulburner)
Yeah.
(Gore)
My KING T's already
mighty mighty,
but CRYSTAL HEART gives it
600 more attack points.
Next, I summon
DINOWRESTLER VALEONYX
from my hand!
Then I'll activate and use
VALEONYX's special ability
on my KING T WREXTLE!
But as for what
that ability does,
I don't feel like tellin' ya.
(roars)
But you got other
problems to worry about.
KING T!
Attack STORM CIPHER!
And my Field Spell
WORLD DINO WRESTLING's
gonna help you out
by giving you
200 extra attack points!
(roars)
And that loss of yours...
is my gain.
Because since I destroyed
your STORM CIPHER,
I'm allowed to banish
CRAZY EVOLUTION
from my graveyard
to draw one card.
It's your turn, Playmaker.
Now whaddya say we win
and break his heart!
Gore's heart,
not CRYSTAL HEART.
It'll break my heart
if you break CRYSTAL HEART.
So have heart
and break his heart,
but not his other heart!
Whatever you try, you're the one
who'll break in the end.
♪♪♪
Gore's brain
is further synchronizing
with his AI chip,
Mr. Zaizen.
But the stress on his body
is off the charts.
(evil laugh)
(Gore)
Yes... I can feel it,
Playmaker.
I'm becoming
the perfect duelist.
And I will crush you
with my bare hands.
Make your move.
'Cause only by defeating you...
Will I restore my glory.
I know Gore was
once our bud,
but he didn't bloom
into a flower,
he grew into a weed.
And you know what
to do with weeds,
mow 'em down!
So if you wanna save him
from himself,
you gotta hack up
this AI-chippin',
brain-implantin',
Earth-stealin', short-cuttin',
pork-choppin', meat-baggin',
and win this duel!
If you insist.
I draw!
I summon DOTSCAPER!
And I'll use it...
to create my circuit!
I Link Summon...
Link 1 LINKURIBOH!
When DOTSCAPER
is sent to the graveyard,
its special ability activates,
resummoning itself
back to my field.
That means I can use it
to Link Summon... once again!
The summoning conditions
require two monsters!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 SECURITY DRAGON!
And SECURITY DRAGON's
ability activates!
When it's co-linked
with another monster,
it returns one monster
on your field to your hand.
So scoot home to your
paleo palace, KING T!
KING T isn't gonna go anywhere.
'Cause due
to VALEONYX's ability,
KING T isn't
affected by monsters
with equal or fewer Link Arrows.
Whaaaat? Since when?
(Gore)
Since forever!
So that's the special ability
you kept secret from us
earlier in this duel.
That's right.
If your monsters
are Link 3 or lower,
their special abilities
are useless.
If that's the case,
then all I'll need to do
is go and summon
a Link 4 monster.
When I have at least two
Link Monsters on my field,
I can summon
CROSS DEBUG from my hand.
And with it I will create
my ultimate circuit!
I set LINKSLAYER, CROSS DEBUG
and SECURITY DRAGON...
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 4 FIREWALL DRAGON!
FIREWALL DRAGON's
special ability activates!
For every monster
that's co-linked to this card,
one of your monsters
returns to your hand!
Bye bye KING T WREXTLE!
And for real this time!
Then I'll turn your reality
into a fantasy.
I'll use my trap card,
DINO DECEIT!
I can activate this trap card
when your Link Monster has equal
or more Link Arrows
than my DINOWRESTLER does.
All monsters on your field
lose their special abilities.
Aah!
Not again!
In addition,
I can place a spell or trap card
facedown on my field.
And last but certainly not least
you're required
to battle this turn.
I remember from our duel
that KING T WREXTLE
has a special ability
that lets Gore choose
which monster
his opponent attacks with.
But all of Playmaker's monsters
have less attack points
than KING T WREXTLE.
(Gore)
One more thing:
If you don't attack
with the monster I select,
that monster will be
automatically destroyed.
And of course
I'm going to choose
your FIREWALL DRAGON.
So if we don't attack,
FIREWALL will be destroyed.
But if we do attack,
FIREWALL will be destroyed,
and we'll take damage.
Well?
Go ahead and make your choice.
Not that you have one.
That's exactly what I thought.
Since you're not gonna attack,
FIREWALL DRAGON is destroyed.
Welp, that happened.
We're ending our turn, Gore.
Without doin' a single move
that worked.
(Spectre)
Gore's upgrades
are clearly paying off.
The Earth Ignis's data
has put him on par with,
if not superior to,
Playmaker's abilities.
Not that I find it
that hard to believe.
After all, the Earth Ignis
always did seem wiser
than Playmaker's
Dark Ignis.
But look at him,
he's a mess.
That's what happens when
you cede control of your life
to an AI.
For a brief moment to shine,
they take everything from you.
And this isn't a metaphor,
this is a fact.
That's why AIs
are not be trusted.
It's my turn.
I draw!
I'm bringing this duel
to an end.
First,
I place this card facedown.
Then I activate my trap card
DINO DOMAIN!
It returns one DINOWRESTLER
on my field back to my hand.
So I'm pulling back
my KING T WREXTLE!
Huh?
He did everything and a half
to stop us from getting
rid of that monster,
but he did it
on his own anyway?
Yup, and in exchange
your monster's special abilities
can no longer affect my monsters
until the end of this turn.
That would usually
be powerful and everything,
but Playmaker only has
LINKURIBOH on his field.
Let's be honest,
it's not exactly a monster
that leaves ya quakin'
in your boots.
But if he's willing to sacrifice
KING T WREXTLE
to negate LINKURIBOH,
it must be worth it.
It is.
Because he actually
hasn't really
sacrificed anything at all.
(sighs)
(Gore)
I use CRYSTAL HEART's
ability to resummon
DINOWRESTLER TERRA PARKOURIO
from my graveyard.
And by doing so
my CRYSTAL HEART gains
another G Golem Counter.
Also, monsters linked
to CRYSTAL HEART gain
600 attack points
per counter.
For my next move...
I concentrate my circuit!
I Link Summon!
Return Link 3
DINOWRESTLER
KING T WREXTLE!
Since I used TERRA PARKOURIO
to Link Summon,
its special ability activates
and resurrects
VALEONYX from my graveyard
in defense mode.
He not only resurrected
KING T WREXTLE,
but another monster with it.
Since I summoned KING T WREXTLE
next to CRYSTAL HEART's link,
it gains 1200 attack points.
Which is more than enough
to eliminate
the rest of your life points.
(Zaizen)
Gore's vitals are spiking
to dangerous levels!
Log him out
immediately!
But the Queen said--
I don't care
what she said!
(Queen)
And I don't care
for your opinion, Zaizen.
No one's logging
anyone out, got it?
KING T!
Attack LINKURIBOH!
And not that I need it,
but WORLD DINO WRESTLING
gives it 200
more attack points.
I activate CROSS DEBUG's
special ability!
By banishing it
from my graveyard,
I can give FIREWALL DRAGON's
attack points to LINKURIBOH!
In addition, LINKURIBOH
can't be destroyed in battle.
So watch as LINKURIBOH's
attack points
rise from 300 to 2800
and survives your attack!
But you still take damage
to your life points.
I end my turn.
And while you managed
to survive,
even you have to admit
that I'm outdueling you
in every possible way.
It's only a matter of time
until I break you
and prove there's no one greater
than the Gore.
Now it's your turn, Playmaker.
Oh man, this isn't
looking good at all.
You're telling me.
Gore's had a counter for every
one of Playmaker's strategies.
And since he's tapped
into Earth's data,
you know he can think
up of a million more.
Since we're down
to a 1000 life points,
we usually get
to use our Skill.
Usually.
But Gore has an Anti Skill
to cancel it out, so we can't.
Don't be so sure, Ai.
We won't truly
know until we try.
It's my turn.
I draw!
(sighs)
The winds are picking up, Ai.
Wait, you're really gonna
try to use your Skill?
Yeah.
(Ai)
B-B-But that's not gonna work!
My calculations say
that you have less
than a zero percent chance
of success!
That's not
mathematically possible, Ai.
It's the new math!
Aah!
Calm down.
Fine then.
Give it a whirl!
Good luck.
I activate my Skill!
Neo Storm Access!
I don't think so.
I activate my Anti Skill!
So I'm cancelling out...
your Neo Storm Access!
(Ai)
I knew it!
Anti Skill also lets me draw
two additional cards.
It seems as if your plan
went all up in smoke.
Actually, so far
everything's going
exactly to plan.
Say what?
I'm now activating
my trap card
DRAW DISCHARGE!
If you draw a monster card
outside of your Draw Phase,
your life points
not only take damage
that is equal
to its attack points
but every card that you draw
gets immediately banished!
(grunts)
You used my
Anti Skill's effect against me?
That we did!
You mad? You mad.
(Playmaker)
Since your DINOWRESTLERS
are some of the strongest
monsters in the game,
if you drew any of them,
you're going to take
a significant amount of damage
to your life points.
(Gore)
Huh.
Then I guess you're gonna love
that I drew not one
but two DINOWRESTLERS.
And they have 1800
and 2600 attack points.
That totals 4400
points of damage!
That's enough to clean out
all his life points
and pin the tail
on this donkey!
There's only one donkey
around here and it's not me.
Huh?
Cause I'm activating this!
My trap card DINO SENSE!
When there's a DINOWRESTLER
Link Monster on my field,
if you activate
a trap card like you did,
that trap card is negated
and banished!
You also take
300 points of damage
for every monster on my field.
And since I have three...
You take 900 points
of damage.
(grunts)
(Soulburner)
Oh no, Playmaker!
(evil laugh)
Maybe your silly moves woulda
worked against the old Gore,
but I'm now smart enough to know
that you'd try something
to counteract my Anti Skill.
Gore completely shut down
their final desperate attempt.
Poor Playmaker...
(Soulburner)
I hate to say it but...
Playmaker's gonna lose.
Well, Playmaker...
Good knowin' ya.
(wheeping)
I wish the wind
would stop blowin'
'cause the sand's blowin'
straight into my tear ducts!
Wait, do I have tear ducts?
The wind...
Yeah, the wind!
(laughs)
What's up, Ai?
What's up?
We're up!
'Cause if the wind's
still blowin',
we can keep goin'!
I forgot to tell ya
that Neo Storm Access
had another effect!
Ooopsies.
(grunts)
It's an effect
that can only be used
when you're down
to 100 life points or less.
If you activate a Skill,
but fail to get a monster
from the Data Storm,
you not only get a second chance
to snag that monster
and add it to your Extra Deck,
but you also get
to draw one card!
(grunts)
(gasping)
Huh!
A plot twist, how nice.
(Ai)
Seize the wind, Playmaker!
Neo Storm Access!
Aah!
This duel's... not over!
Whatever you drew,
it doesn't matter to me.
It's too late
for a single card
to change the outcome
of this duel.
Unless the card is this:
FIREWALL GUARDIAN!
Because with it
I can create my circuit!
I set FIREWALL GUARDIAN
and LINKURIBOH
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon
Link 2 CLOCK LIZARD!
Then FIREWALL GUARDIAN's
ability activates!
If I used it to Link Summon,
it resummons itself
from my graveyard.
And since you have
a Field Spell in play,
I'm allowed to summon
GRID SWEEPER!
And now,
I'm going to overlay
my Level 4 FIREWALL GUARDIAN
and GRID SWEEPER!
Overlay?
He's not Link Summoning?
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
The boundary between order
and chaos break down to manifest
as the fangs of devastation!
I Xyz Summon!
Rank 4 FIREWALL eXceed DRAGON!
What? An Xyz Monster?
I activate eXceed DRAGON's
special ability!
By using two Overlay Units,
I can summon
a Link 4 Cyberse monster
from my graveyard
and link it to this card!
Now return, FIREWALL DRAGON!
Furthermore,
when Link Monsters are linked
to my FIREWALL eXceed DRAGON
it gains 500 attack points
from each of their Link Arrows.
(Ai)
FIREWALL DRAGON is Link 4.
And CLOCK LIZARD is Link 2!
(Playmaker)
Together, they provide
3000 attack points!
Then FIREWALL DRAGON
uses its special ability.
Go Emergency Escape!
It returns KING T WREXTLE
back to your hand!
I activate DINO DOMAIN!
By returning one DINOWRESTLER
to my hand,
your special abilities
can't affect my monsters!
So instead of KING T WREXTLE,
DINOWRESTER VALEONYX
will return to my hand.
Then I'll activate
GRID SWEEPER's ability!
By banishing GRID SWEEPER
from my graveyard
and CLOCK LIZARD from my field,
I get to destroy
one of your cards!
Didn't I just say
that my monsters
aren't affected
by your abilities?
Your monsters aren't,
but your spells are,
like WORLD DINO WRESTLING!
Now that that spell is gone,
both my monsters can attack.
Get ready!
But I can use KING T WREXTLE's
special ability
to force your FIREWALL DRAGON
to attack first.
Since your FIREWALL DRAGON's
not as strong as my monster,
if you attack,
you lose the duel.
Aah! He slammed
on our brakes again!
No.
Huh?
We're still going to attack
Gore's monster
with our FIREWALL DRAGON anyway!
Whatta ya mean, "we?"
(Playmaker)
When I attack,
I can activate
FIREWALL GUARDIAN's
special ability
from my graveyard!
By banishing it...
FIREWALL DRAGON's
attack is negated.
But in exchange,
your KING T WREXTLE's
attack points
will drop
all the way down to 0!
But... I'm supposed
to be the perfect duelist!
Perfection is overrated.
Believe me, I know.
FIREWALL eXceed DRAGON attack
and destroy his KING T WREXTLE!
Tempest Reckoning.
(Gore)
Aah!
What have I done?
What did I give up?
Since I wanted more...
I've lost... everything.
(Zaizen)
The duel's done!
Now log him out!
Delay that!
Extract the Ignis's data
from him first!
I'll gobble up Earth outta Gore!
(grunts)
Oh! Or not!
Uh... You okay?
Fine.
Leave without
saying goodbye.
(Queen)
Did you log him out, Zaizen?
What's done is done.
Now let's get him
to the hospital immediately!
(grunts)
(Playmaker)
Here.
CRYSTAL HEART?
We figured it's
better in your hands
than anyone else's.
And I'm 102% sure that's what
Earth woulda wanted too.
Thank you, Ai.
This should bring
some comfort to Earth,
wherever he may be.
Speaking of someone
without any comfort,
I wonder if Gore is okay.
Yeah, I feel
bad for him.
I mean he did slip to the wrong
side of the tracks and all,
but he was still
once a hero, ya know?
That's why we must end
this war as soon as possible.
So no others will suffer
the same fate.
♪♪♪